added some feature , and solve the problem which i have with account (#3)
TobiasPankner/Teams-Auto-Joiner: README.md

- **auto_leave_after_min:**  
If set to a value greater than zero, the bot leaves every meeting after the specified time (in minutes). Useful if you know the length of your meeting, if this is left a the default the bot will stay in the meeting until a new one is available.

> - **additional_acc:** 
> if u have addititonal account in same mail or anything similar to given pic 
> <img width="80%" alt="jarray reverse exampl" src="https://i.imgur.com/VPmecz2.png">
> change additional_acc by which no of account u want to select "counting start from 1 here"

Reviewer: What you mention here as accounts are actually organisations, this has to be changed everywehere.
```suggestion
- **organisation_num:** 
If your Teams account is in multiple organisations, as seen in the example below, change the organisation_num to the number of the list item (counting starts from 1) 
<img width="80%" alt="jarray reverse exampl" src="https://i.imgur.com/VPmecz2.png">
```

- **headless:**

> if ypu want to run code without opening instance of chrome change value to true

Reviewer: Typo and reformatting the sentence to better match previous ones.
```suggestion
If true, runs Chrome in headless mode (does not open GUI window and runs in background).
```
